Mezzo GA (#10047)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/api/serviceprincipal-list-memberof.md

## Optional query parameters

> This method supports the [OData query parameters](/graph/query_parameters) to help customize the response, including `$search`, `$count`, and `$filter`. OData cast is also enabled, for example, you can cast to get just the directoryRoles the user is a member of. You can use `$search` on the **displayName** property. When items are added or updated for this resource, they are specially indexed for use with the `$count` and `$search` query parameters. There can be a slight delay between when an item is added or updated and when it is available in the index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method supports the [OData query parameters](/graph/query_parameters) to help customize the response, including `$search`, `$count`, and `$filter`. OData cast is also enabled, for example, you can cast to get just the directoryRoles the user is a member of. You can use `$search` on the **displayName** and **description** properties. When items are added or updated for this resource, they are specially indexed for use with the `$count` and `$search` query parameters. There can be a slight delay between when an item is added or updated and when it is available in the index.
```
